Remove redundant ToC from docs homepage (#818)
cherrypy/cheroot: docs/changelog-fragments.d/818.doc.rst

Removed redundant ToC from docs homepage

Previously the table of contents appeared twice on the `docs home page

> <https://cheroot.cherrypy.dev/en/latest/>`_: both in the left hand

Reviewer: This RST is rendered in the context of the Sphinx docs which produces internally and externally (intersphinx) linkable objects. In such case, we should use respective roles instead of using the absolute links bound to domains.

One object type we can use is a reference:
```suggestion
Previously the table of contents appeared twice on the :ref:`docs home page
<welcome to cheroot documentation!>`: both in the left hand
```
An alternative could be a document link:
```suggestion
Previously the table of contents appeared twice on the :doc:`docs home page
<index>`: both in the left hand
```

---

I have this small static helper website that shows objects available in various Sphinx deployments: https://webknjaz.github.io/intersphinx-untangled/cheroot.cherrypy.dev/. Feel free to use it when you need to learn what you can link (from the published website).

Locally, you can also invoke a Sphinx module via CLI: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/intersphinx.html#showing-all-links-of-an-intersphinx-mapping-file — it produces a bunch of console output that might be a bit awkward to parse visually, though.

Author: That's great. Very useful. Thanks!
